Update CHANGELOG for v0.27.3 (#1992)
smallstep/certificates: CHANGELOG.md

---

> ## [0.27.3] - 2024-09-13
> 
> ### Added
> 
> - AWS auth method for Vault RA mode (smallstep/certificates#1976)
> - API endpoints for retrieving Intermediate certificates (smallstep/certificates#1962)
> - Enable use of OIDC provisioner with private identity providers and a certificate from step-ca (smallstep/certificates#1940)
> 
> ### Changed
> 
> - Use run time Type assertion for WireDB integration (smallstep/certificates#1960)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.27.3] - 2024-09-13

### Added

- AWS auth method for Vault RA mode (smallstep/certificates#1976)
- API endpoints for retrieving Intermediate certificates (smallstep/certificates#1962)
- Enable use of OIDC provisioner with private identity providers and a certificate from step-ca (smallstep/certificates#1940)
- Support for verifying `cnf` and `x5rt#S256` claim when provided in token (smallstep/certificates#1660)
- Add Wire integration to ACME provisioner (smallstep/certificates#1666)

### Changed

- Clarified SSH certificate policy errors (smallstep/certificates#1951)

### Fixed

- Nebula ECDSA P-256 support (smallstep/certificates#1662)

```
